yo guys this is orbit here tgn in this
video you're going to be seeing a
classic matchup legends game
Sinestro verse Atrocitus now someone one
of my subscribers kind of mentioned to
me a couple of days ago maybe a week ago
that he wanted to see some more legends
you want to see me some more legends and
so what I'm kind of going to try and do
is do some more legends record upload
some more legends but I don't want to
just upload random games here and there
I want like classic matchups like I
don't know Batman versus oka literally
can't think of any more myself ahead but
so I like that right and I'll be honest
with you I wasn't actually I was picking
Sinestro cos Sinestro's on my favorite
characters to play with on these on DC
so I wanted to start with you know slash
dry and then I'll filter in some other
characters and I was actually looking
for a Green Lantern I wanted like how
Jordan to fight against or you know
Sinestro first some kind of green
lantern and this guy a long way I was
just kind of playing you know then see I
can hit him against this guy right ties
me up he beats me I was just picked
careless bit careless it wasn't really
blocking and kills me on this first run
right and then he ties me up and then he
grows strong and Giggsy na he's powerful
and stuff and I'm like right you know
what let's switch it from a green laning
and let's be a red-letter room and this
guy is the purple guy so I flew flew
back in and and basically the rest of
the video is him games that is dismantle
head smashed it I'm not gonna lie this
isn't the greatest
Atrocitus player that has ever wore to
the earth
I'm not saying on the greatest sinestro
blares at war the earth leader but he
used to annoy me did at the time was it
you know he's really annoying I don't
know what happened
so anyway legends if put in the
description what kind of legends you
want to say maybe you don't wanna see
emergence but as something that I'm
going to do now because I do try and
make this channel a channel that suits
everybody so my are deep in ER DPP I'll
do feats I'll do updates sub I try to
cover everything okay so you might be
subscribed to me for one thing but you
know some other one might be subscribe
to me for it differently so I kind of
cover trying cover and stuff so let me
know what matchups you want to see
Batman joke is literally until I could
think about now let me think one more
come on Superman versus art there you go
there's another one for example if you
want to see me do some more legends give
me some ideas guys because give me ideas
you guys um literally are my ideas for
my videos and I come online I kind of
try and grind feats and that kind of
stuff and nine my I would say nine times
out of ten I'll probably say five times
out there's someone in the comments is
just giving you an idea for a video and
the way you know what this deal and this
sounds pretty cool and we'll run with it
and these kind of Legends videos
we're not going to be regular but I do
want to kind of post what I can't
remember the last elections video I did
so anyway guys pub nut like comment
subscribe enjoy the sinestro versa trois
status 1v1 and like I was described
think already said that but yeah do it
again making you and then do it
again that's what I meant okay
you